Contents
--------

1. Introduction
2. Download
3. Mailinglist
4. Roadmap
5. Copyrights, trademarks and patents

1. Introduction
---------------

Atlantik is a KDE client for playing games out of the Atlantic board game
collection as offered by the Atlantic server daemon.

Purpose of the Atlantic board game is to acquire land in major cities in
North America and Europe while being a transatlantic traveller. One of the
game modes plays like the popular real estate board game based on Atlantic
City street names.

Atlantik was previously known as KMonop and might still be refered to as
such in some documentation. The Atlantic daemon was previously known as
monopd and might also be refered to as such in some documentation.

2. Download
-----------

Atlantik can be downloaded from

http://capsi.com/atlantik/

and the Atlantic daemon can be downloaded from

http://capsi.com/~cap/monopd/

However, the latest versions of both projects are found in CVS.

Atlantik is located in the CVS repository of the KDE project in the module
kdenonbeta. See http://www.kde.org/anoncvs.html for instructions how to
download KDE modules from CVS.

For more information on monopd CVS see the monopd pages on
http://sourceforge.net/projects/monopd/

Both monopd and Atlantik are in heavy development and it is important to match
versions when connecting to a game server. One can choose a suitable server
through the Monopigator interface.

3. Mailinglist
--------------

There is a mailinglist available for discussion of Atlantik development:

To subscribe, send e-mail to: kmonop-devel-subscribe@lists.capsi.com
To post, send e-mail to: kmonop-devel@lists.capsi.com

There is a seperate mailinglist for monopd related discussion:

To subscribe, send e-mail to: monopd-devel-subscribe@lists.capsi.com
To post, send e-mail to: monopd-devel@lists.capsi.com

4. Roadmap
----------

The TODO file gives a nice approximation of desired functionality and
priorities. It can be used as roadmap or checklist.

5. Copyrights, trademarks and patents
-------------------------------------

Many people have expressed their concerns about possible copyrights and
patents applicable to Monopoly games and the possible implications for
Atlantik development and distribution.

In our defense:

* Atlantik is NOT Monopoly! It's a completely different boardgame! It does
however ship with a game which has a closer resemblance to Monoply and
features the streets of Atlantic City, based on the folk game upon which
Parker Brothers based their game. This clone will ship with original
artwork, designed to not resemble the Parker Brothers' look and feel.

Parker Brothers has no rights to this folk game other than their copyrighted
visual enhancements, as confirmed by the U.S. Supreme Court.
<http://www.antimonopoly.com/graphics/evolution.gif>

* Atlantik has little or no code which is aware of the game rules, street
names, board layout or any other aspect of the game. It only visualizes
these aspects during gameplay - much like a web browser visualizes Internet
content.

All game logic itself is embedded in monopd, which in turn will ship with
the customized rules that have been played by families for decades as
defaults and not with the same rulset as the Parker Brothers game.
